Good morning, family. I have another video for you all. I have some things I want to say.
I'm a watchman, and the Lord shows me a lot of things. A lot of things he shows me are very heavy.
He gives this stuff to me when I'm praying and says, 'Hey, Brandon, heads up.
This is what's coming down the road here.'There are some things we can avoid and some things we can't.
Like I said, I'm always trying to figure out... I know we have power and authority as believers.
We're seated with Him in the heavenlies, and I know that when we join together as a group and we pray, I tell you all the plan of the enemy.
I'm blowing my trumpet. I'm a watchman on the wall saying, 'Listen, the bozo devil is going to try to do this.
Let's stop it.'I know the Lord's trying to warn you all, warn the world, and warn America.
I thought this was interesting: he made a statement to me while I was out taking care of my dogs.
He said, 'Brandon, if Abraham's intercession for Sodom and Gomorrah—when he was praying, he said, Lord, if there be ten righteous, would you spare the city?
And he said back to Abraham, Yes, I'd be willing to spare the city for ten righteous.'I believe if he would have taken it down a step further...
because I know he thought in his mind there has to be ten righteous people standing in behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah.
They were a very immoral city, of course, and it was wiped off the face of the earth.
He was interceding for them and he said, 'Brandon, if I was willing to do that for them back then under the Old Covenant without Jesus, how much more with you interceding now would I do it for you?'He said, 'I called you on YouTube to tell my people what's coming, not for a lot of it to come.'I believe with our group of intercessory prayer people, we are able to do a lot of damage to the kingdom of darkness.
I warned you all about the water attack, about the men trying to pour stuff into the lakes and mess with our water.
I believe we can stop that. Whenever he came to me and said that, it was just out of the clear blue.
I was cleaning up dog feces, doing my normal thing with my puppies, and when he said that to me, I was like, 'Wow, Lord, where does this come from?'I wasn't even really praying; I'm always in the state of prayer in my heart, always just talking and having communion with the Father.
He knows I'm always willing to jump in that river and pray with Him. It is always a flow.
The more you build that, the more you'll flow with the Holy Spirit.
This was not a real supernatural moment; it was just a normal day, spraying off the grass and cleaning up the yard, and he just said that to me. It hit me hard.
He said, 'Remember, Brandon: If My people who are called by My name would humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways...'Then he stopped and said to me, 'I did not say if the world would humble themselves and pray.
I didn't say the world. I didn't say Joe Biden. I didn't say Nancy Pelosi.
I said, My people.'He's talking about you and me, people who are on fire for Him.
If we would humble ourselves and pray, we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.
He would deliver us from what's going on and do what needs to be done to help turn around the nation.
If we have a group of people—maybe I have a 10,000-strong group of believers on here worldwide—I know we can do something big.
Some of my prayer videos get a couple thousand people who watch the whole thing.
I know you're interceding with me the whole time. I just want to encourage you all that this is not a 'sky is falling'time.
I told you all when I went to the throne, he said to me, 'Brandon, I never designed the armor for retreat.
I designed the armor to take dominion and authority, and take back what the devil's tried to steal.'It's marching forward, taking action, taking that sword of the spirit, the shield of faith, and the helmet of salvation and smacking that devil in the head.
It's not to run away because there's no armor for the backside.
The Lord said this to me: 'Brandon, the devil is the Lord of the Flies. He is like a fly.'That's how the Lord showed me.
He said, 'Do you know how you get the devil not to bother you so much?'I said, 'How, Lord?'He said, 'Get hot. Get extremely on fire for Me.
For a fly does not land on a flame or a very hot surface.'He said the hotter you get with Me, the less a fly can land.
He said they land on the lukewarm when they smell food or they smell poo.
Flies do, but they will not land on something that's on fire.
He said the devil is like a fly, and the more you become on fire for Me, the less that devil's going to try to mess with you because he's a fly and he doesn't want to touch a hot surface because he'll get burnt.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all. Get on fire for Jesus.
How do you get on fire? Spend time with Him daily. Get before Him, get on your knees, and worship the Father.
Read His Bible, pray, spend time with Him in worship. Worship Him in singing and in praying, and you'll get on fire for Jesus.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Get that word down inside of you.
I'm telling you, that fire is going to be like a furnace. You keep putting coals and gas in it, and that devil's going to run.
He doesn't want to get around that fire. He'll be like that little fly: you touch the flame, you burn him up.
That's the way the Lord showed me. I started dealing with stuff and he goes, 'Brandon, you're getting lukewarm.
Son, you've got to come back under that fire and fan that flame.'I heard somebody preaching this last Wednesday about authority in your realm of authority.
I believe we have power and authority over storms. I take it all the time.
We pray over our storms, we take communion, we tell the storm to die like Jesus did: 'Peace, be still.'You can call the storm; you're not going to hail on my property.
You're not going to have strong winds; we're not going to lose power; we're not going to have any damage to our houses or trees.
Satan, I bind you and I tell you now, you get out of here and you leave my stuff alone.
We have authority over you and we have authority over the weather.
I command this weather to be peace and be still over my area in the name of Jesus.
I command any tornadoes to go away now. Go back up in that cloud and stop it.
That's just the way we talk to them. My mom, my dad, my wife—we all talk to the storms.
That's how we believe and operate in the realm of the spirit. We take authority over the storms.
I had a lady asking for rain for a certain area in Texas where they didn't have any.
I told her I'd stand with her for rain. She emailed back with a picture showing all the rain like a river.
I did what I said I'd do. I started speaking the rain. I told it to come forth over Houston, interceding for Houston and The Woodlands, Texas.
I started speaking to that rain, and now they have rivers and moats of rain everywhere.
Not only can we stop the rain, but we can cause the rain to come forth because we have authority over it. I call rain in all the time.
It starts getting dry and they say, 'The drought monitor is getting bad again and there's going to be no rain; lakes are drying up.'No.
Rain, I call you forth in the name of Jesus. I say, 'Rain, come from the north, south, east, and west.
You will not have drought over this area.'I call that rain in. Rain, come forth.
I speak low-pressure systems to come in for the Gulf moisture to come up, or wherever the jet stream comes over. I call forth four inches of rain over the next week or two.
I thank you, Father, that You're the Lord of the harvest and You will bring rain for my crops, the trees, and the grass.
You have to use your authority in these last days more than ever before.
When you hear the weatherman say there's a storm coming, you say, 'Not my house, not my area, not where I tread.'You've got to learn how to be bold about it, not shrinking back saying, 'He won't protect me.'No, He's a good God; He's no respecter of persons.
You have power and authority over the weather and your city.
You pray over the city for your police officers and churches. The authority of the believer works.
At the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that He is Lord.
That's the kind of power we have in Him. If there be ten righteous, He'd spare the city.
How much more would He be willing to spare America or delay things to allow the harvest of souls?
Why has He not come back yet? Because He is a God of mercy and He wants more harvest.
He sent His only begotten son to die for you. He doesn't want anybody to perish, but for all to come to repentance.
Why hasn't the Rapture happened? Because He's looking for the harvest that matters most to Him.
Gold, diamonds, and jewels—that's what He uses for pavement.
He doesn't care about gold; it's asphalt to Him. What's important to Him is the heart of a man. It's important to Him that your loved ones are saved.
I want to encourage you all to believe God for the big things: speak to your mountains, speak to the storms, speak to your finances.
Believe for the impossible, because all things are possible to him who believes.
Father, I thank You for every single person here. We have a mighty moving army.
We thank You that we have authority over storms and rain. We call forth an abundant harvest of rain over drought areas.
We call forth finances and thank You that You supply all our needs according to Your riches in glory.
We call people healed. Jesus, You took it all on the cross for us so we don't have to be sick.
We call our bodies well and whole. We call marriages restored.
Speak to your marriage: 'My marriage is good; my marriage is awesome and full of love and joy.'We will not have a divorce or corruption in this house.
We bless our children that they'll be prosperous and not struggle.
Thank You, Lord, that You raise them up. It's part of my covenant rights to have children that worship You.
If my children go wayward, You'll bring them back. You'll leave the ninety-nine to go after the one.
You have power and authority. Read Ephesians over and over again and get that word deep inside of you.
If you say you don't hear God, He is speaking all the time through the Bible.
Pick it up and read it. His mercies are new every morning. I hope this video blessed you.
Know that you have that authority. The devil has no authority to torment you.
You tell him, 'Thus far and no further.'You've got to talk to him like a dog because he's a dog.
God is good and He's faithful. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.